double dash (setup & troubleshooting) (#166)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/ray/troubleshooting.md

{% /troubleshooting %}

{% troubleshooting %}

## Passing arguments to your Ray script fails 

{% problem /%}

Often you need to pass arguments to the Ray script you are submitting to:

```bash
ray submit golem-cluster.yaml examples/simple-task.py -n 20
```

While it looks natural sometimes it doesn't work.

For example, this particular command produces:
```
Checking External environment settings
Ray On Golem webserver
  Not starting webserver, as it's already running
Fetched IP: 192.168.0.3
root@192.168.0.3's password: 
``` 

{% solution %}

> `ray submit` has its own arguments. If your script arguments are named the same, Ray will get confused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ray submit` and other ray commands have its own arguments. If your script arguments are named the same, Ray will get confused.
```

> In this example `-n` stands for cluster name, which we don't support yet - hence random asking for SSH password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example `-n` stands for cluster name, which we don't support yet - hence the unexpected request for the SSH password.
```

The solution is to precede your arguments with `--`:
```bash
ray submit golem-cluster.yaml examples/simple-task.py -- -n 20
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This informs Ray that everything after the double dash is not to be interpreted, but instead passed as-is to the executed script.
```
